---
title: "bio812github_asssignment"
author: "Kevin McDermott"
date: '2018-01-31'
output: html_document
---

```{r setup, include=FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(echo = TRUE)
```

###When should you use Git for a project?

####Answer: Anytime you want to ensure you have a back-up of the versions of your code/work and when you want have multiple people collaborating on a project.




###What kind of files/info should be saved in a Git repository? What types of files/info should not be included in a Git repo?

####Answer: A Git repo is really useful to store code for coding projects. Data and any username/pw should never be stored in a Git repo as the repo is public.



###What are the commands to undo a commit?

####Answer: git reset HEAD~
   


###One of your repositories is in a “detached HEAD” state. How do you fix this?

####Answer:git reset --hard



####Your boss has no idea what Git is or why you are using it. Explain the pros / cons of using Git for your research project. Explain the pros / cons of hosting your project in a public (or private) repository on Github/Bitbucket/Gitlab/etc.

####Answer: Pros for using Git

* acts as a back up
* can revert to any previous version for my thesis.
* collaborators/PI  can make edits and they are tracked

#### Cons for Using Git






3 - Submit a pull request
Add a link to this webpage by submitting a pull request to this repository (https://github.com/jstaf/biol812-assignment).

The links should have your name and link to your assignment site. Example:

[Jeff Stafford](https://jstaf.github.io/biol812-assignment)
Jeff Stafford

Links to assignments
The links to your assignments should go below here:

biol812-assignment is maintained by jstaf.
This page was generated by GitHub Pages.
